{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2636
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgray\c0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww22800\viewh15020\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22 \cf2 \CocoaLigature0 sofy@Sofias-MBP-3 text_tech % python3 tt_all_solr_queries.py \
http://localhost:8983/solr/pubmed_index/select?q=(coronavirus%20OR%20covid)%20AND%20vaccine%20AND%20reaction&fq=&fq=&q.op=OR&rows=3&start=0&sort=score%20desc&fl=ArticleTitle%20Abstract%20JournalTitle%20PubDate.Year%20score&defType=edismax&qf=Abstract&df=Abstract&wt=json&indent=true&debug=query\
\{   'debug': \{   'QParser': 'ExtendedDismaxQParser',\
                 'altquerystring': None,\
                 'boost_queries': None,\
                 'boostfuncs': None,\
                 'parsed_boost_queries': [],\
                 'parsedquery': '+(+(DisjunctionMaxQuery((Abstract:coronavirus)) DisjunctionMaxQuery((Abstract:covid))) '\
                                '+DisjunctionMaxQuery((Abstract:vaccine)) +DisjunctionMaxQuery((Abstract:reaction)))',\
                 'parsedquery_toString': '+(+((Abstract:coronavirus) (Abstract:covid)) +(Abstract:vaccine) +(Abstract:reaction))',\
                 'querystring': '(coronavirus OR covid) AND vaccine AND reaction',\
                 'rawquerystring': '(coronavirus OR covid) AND vaccine AND reaction'\},\
    'response': \{   'docs': [   \{   'Abstract': 'Two mRNA coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) vaccines, Moderna and '\
                                                'Pfizer-BioNTech, require 2 doses for maximum efficacy. This case series reports '\
                                                'the safety and immunogenicity of a graded administration of the second dose of '\
                                                'the Moderna and Pfizer-BioNTech COVID-19 vaccines in patients with immediate '\
                                                'hypersensitivity reactions to the first dose.',\
                                    'ArticleTitle': 'Graded Administration of Second Dose of Moderna and Pfizer-BioNTech '\
                                                    'COVID-19 mRNA Vaccines in Patients With Hypersensitivity to First Dose.',\
                                    'JournalTitle': ['Open forum infectious diseases'],\
                                    'PubDate.Year': 2021,\
                                    'score': 10.229125\},\
                                \{   'Abstract': 'The pandemic caused by the novel coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) has had an '\
                                                'unprecedented impact on the overall health and the global economy. Vaccination '\
                                                'is currently the most dependable strategy to end the pandemic, despite the '\
                                                'slower-than-hoped-for rollout, particularly for low-to-middle-income countries, '\
                                                'and the uncertain duration of protection afforded by vaccination. The spike '\
                                                'protein of the virus (immunodominant antigen of the virus) is the main target '\
                                                'of the approved and candidate SARS-CoV-2 vaccines. This protein binds to the '\
                                                'ACE2 receptor of the host cell, initiating the entry of the virus into the cell '\
                                                'and the chain of subsequent events ending to Acute Respiratory Distress '\
                                                'Syndrome. The safety profile of these vaccines needs is closely assessed. This '\
                                                'comprehensive review includes searching the PubMed, EMBASE, and Web of Science '\
                                                'databases using the keywords "coronavirus", "COVID-19", "vaccine", "cutaneous '\
                                                'reactions", "allergic reactions", and "SARS-CoV-2". Manual searching of '\
                                                'reference lists of included articles augmented the research. The research was '\
                                                'updated in June 2021. In this narrative review, we tried to investigate and '\
                                                'discuss the cutaneous and allergic reactions related to SARS-CoV-2 vaccines '\
                                                'currently available in the literature. As a result, although COVID-19 vaccines '\
                                                'can be reported to develop allergic and anaphylactic reactions, especially '\
                                                'after m-RNA vaccines, they remain at a low rate, and it is observed that these '\
                                                'reactions may develop more frequently, especially in patients with previous '\
                                                'allergies and mast cell disorders. Fortunately, these reactions are generally '\
                                                'transient, benign, self-limited. Although there is still no definitive '\
                                                'evidence, as dermatologists, we must be aware of the possibility of cutaneous '\
                                                'reactions, newly diagnosed dermatoses, or exacerbation of existing dermatoses '\
                                                'that may develop after the COVID-19 vaccinations.',\
                                    'ArticleTitle': 'Cutaneous and Allergic reactions due to COVID-19 vaccinations: A review.',\
                                    'JournalTitle': ['Journal of cosmetic dermatology'],\
                                    'PubDate.Year': 2021,\
                                    'score': 10.212102\},\
                                \{   'Abstract': 'The mechanism of coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) vaccine hypersensitivity '\
                                                'reactions is unknown. COVID-19 vaccine excipient skin testing has been used in '\
                                                'evaluation of these reactions, but its utility in predicting subsequent '\
                                                'COVID-19 vaccine tolerance is also unknown. To evaluate the utility of COVID-19 '\
                                                'vaccine and vaccine excipient skin testing in both patients with an allergic '\
                                                'reaction to their first messenger RNA COVID-19 vaccine dose and patients with a '\
                                                'history of polyethylene glycol allergy who have not yet received a COVID-19 '\
                                                'vaccine dose. In this multicenter, retrospective review, COVID-19 vaccine and '\
                                                'vaccine excipient skin testing was performed in patients referred to 1 of 3 '\
                                                'large tertiary academic institutions. Patient medical records were reviewed '\
                                                'after skin testing to determine subsequent COVID-19 vaccine tolerance. A total '\
                                                'of 129 patients underwent skin testing, in whom 12 patients (9.3%) had positive '\
                                                'results. There were 101 patients who received a COVID-19 vaccine after the skin '\
                                                'testing, which was tolerated in 90 patients (89.1%) with no allergic symptoms, '\
                                                'including 5 of 6 patients with positive skin testing results who received a '\
                                                'COVID-19 vaccine after the skin testing. The remaining 11 patients experienced '\
                                                'minor allergic symptoms after COVID-19 vaccination, none of whom required '\
                                                'treatment beyond antihistamines. The low positivity rate of COVID-19 vaccine '\
                                                'excipient skin testing and high rate of subsequent COVID-19 vaccine tolerance '\
                                                'suggest a low utility of this method in evaluation of COVID-19 vaccine '\
                                                'hypersensitivity reactions. Focus should shift to the use of existing vaccine '\
                                                'allergy practice parameters, with consideration of graded dosing when '\
                                                'necessary. On the basis of these results, strict avoidance of subsequent '\
                                                'COVID-19 vaccination should be discouraged.',\
                                    'ArticleTitle': 'Utility and futility of skin testing to address concerns surrounding '\
                                                    'messenger RNA coronavirus disease 2019 vaccine reactions.',\
                                    'JournalTitle': [   'Annals of allergy, asthma & immunology : official publication of the '\
                                                        'American College of Allergy, Asthma, & Immunology'],\
                                    'PubDate.Year': 2021,\
                                    'score': 10.14039\}],\
                    'maxScore': 10.229125,\
                    'numFound': 69,\
                    'numFoundExact': True,\
                    'start': 0\},\
    'responseHeader': \{   'QTime': 12,\
                          'params': \{   'debug': 'query',\
                                        'defType': 'edismax',\
                                        'df': 'Abstract',\
                                        'fl': 'ArticleTitle Abstract JournalTitle PubDate.Year score',\
                                        'fq': ['', ''],\
                                        'indent': 'true',\
                                        'q': '(coronavirus OR covid) AND vaccine AND reaction',\
                                        'q.op': 'OR',\
                                        'qf': 'Abstract',\
                                        'rows': '3',\
                                        'sort': 'score desc',\
                                        'start': '0',\
                                        'wt': 'json'\},\
                          'status': 0\}\}\
+++ Time taken (connection + query processing): 0.05015 seconds \
 or 50.14968 ms [SOLR] +++\
http://localhost:8983/solr/pubmed_index/select?q=(coronavirus%20OR%20covid)%20AND%20vaccine%20AND%20smoking&fq=&fq=&q.op=OR&rows=3&start=0&sort=score%20desc&fl=ArticleTitle%20Abstract%20JournalTitle%20PubDate.Year%20score&defType=edismax&qf=Abstract&df=Abstract&wt=json&indent=true&debug=query\
\{   'debug': \{   'QParser': 'ExtendedDismaxQParser',\
                 'altquerystring': None,\
                 'boost_queries': None,\
                 'boostfuncs': None,\
                 'parsed_boost_queries': [],\
                 'parsedquery': '+(+(DisjunctionMaxQuery((Abstract:coronavirus)) DisjunctionMaxQuery((Abstract:covid))) '\
                                '+DisjunctionMaxQuery((Abstract:vaccine)) +DisjunctionMaxQuery((Abstract:smoking)))',\
                 'parsedquery_toString': '+(+((Abstract:coronavirus) (Abstract:covid)) +(Abstract:vaccine) +(Abstract:smoking))',\
                 'querystring': '(coronavirus OR covid) AND vaccine AND smoking',\
                 'rawquerystring': '(coronavirus OR covid) AND vaccine AND smoking'\},\
    'response': \{   'docs': [   \{   'Abstract': 'COVID-19 vaccination in many countries, including England, has been prioritised '\
                                                'primarily by age. However, people of the same age can have very different '\
                                                'health statuses. Frailty is a commonly used metric of health and has been found '\
                                                'to be more strongly associated with mortality than age among COVID-19 '\
                                                'inpatients. We compared the number of first vaccine doses administered across '\
                                                'the 135 NHS Clinical Commissioning Groups (CCGs) of England to both the over 50 '\
                                                'population and the estimated frail population in each area. Area-based frailty '\
                                                'estimates were generated using the English Longitudinal Survey of Ageing '\
                                                '(ELSA), a national survey of older people. We also compared the number of doses '\
                                                'to the number of people with other risk factors associated with COVID-19: '\
                                                'atrial fibrillation, chronic kidney disease, diabetes, learning disabilities, '\
                                                'obesity and smoking status. We estimate that after 79 days of the vaccine '\
                                                'program, across all Clinical Commissioning Group areas, the number of people '\
                                                'who received a first vaccine per frail person ranged from 4.4 (95% CI 4.0-4.8) '\
                                                'and 20.1 (95% CI 18.3-21.9). The prevalences of other risk factors were also '\
                                                'poorly associated with the prevalence of vaccination across England. '\
                                                'Vaccination with age-based priority created area-based inequities in the number '\
                                                'of doses administered relative to the number of people who are frail or have '\
                                                'other risk factors associated with COVID-19. As frailty has previously been '\
                                                'found to be more strongly associated with mortality than age for COVID-19 '\
                                                'inpatients, an age-based priority system may increase the risk of mortality in '\
                                                'some areas during the vaccine roll-out period. Authorities planning COVID-19 '\
                                                'vaccination programmes should consider the disadvantages of an age-based '\
                                                'priority system.',\
                                    'ArticleTitle': 'Can vaccination roll-out be more equitable if population risk is taken into '\
                                                    'account?',\
                                    'JournalTitle': ['PloS one'],\
                                    'PubDate.Year': 2021,\
                                    'score': 6.788148\},\
                                \{   'Abstract': 'People infected with Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome Coronavirus 2 '\
                                                '(SARS-CoV-2) experience a wide range of clinical manifestations, from '\
                                                'asymptomatic and mild illness to severe illness and death, influenced by age '\
                                                'and a variety of comorbidities. Neutralizing antibodies (nAbs) are thought to '\
                                                'be a primary immune defense against the virus. Large, diverse, '\
                                                'well-characterized cohorts of convalescent individuals provide standardized '\
                                                'values to benchmark nAb responses to past SARS-CoV-2 infection and define '\
                                                'potentially protective levels of immunity. This analysis comprises an '\
                                                'observational cohort of 329 HIV-seronegative adults in the United States (n = '\
                                                '167) and Peru (n = 162) convalescing from SARS-CoV-2 infection from May through '\
                                                'October 2020. The mean age was 48 years (range 18 to 86), 54% of the cohort '\
                                                'overall was Hispanic, and 34% identified as White. nAb titers were measured in '\
                                                'serum by SARS-CoV-2.D614G Spike-pseudotyped virus infection of 293T/ACE2 cells. '\
                                                'Multiple linear regression was applied to define associations between nAb '\
                                                'titers and demographic variables, disease severity and time from infection or '\
                                                'disease onset, and comorbidities within and across US and Peruvian cohorts over '\
                                                'time. nAb titers peaked 28 to 42 days post-diagnosis and were higher in '\
                                                'participants with a history of severe Coronavirus Disease 2019 (COVID-19) '\
                                                'illness (p < 0.001). Diabetes, age >55 years, male sex assigned at birth, and, '\
                                                'in some cases, body mass index were also independently associated with higher '\
                                                'nAb titers, whereas hypertension was independently associated with lower nAb '\
                                                'titers. nAb titers did not differ by race, underlying pulmonary disease or '\
                                                'smoking. Two months post-enrollment, nAb ID50 (ID80) titers declined 3.5 '\
                                                '(2.8)-fold overall. Study limitations in this observational, convalescent '\
                                                'cohort include survivorship bias and missing early viral loads and acute immune '\
                                                'responses to correlate with the convalescent responses we observed. In summary, '\
                                                'in our cohort, nAb titers after SARS-CoV-2 infection peaked approximately 1 '\
                                                'month post-diagnosis and varied by age, sex assigned at birth, disease '\
                                                'severity, and underlying comorbidities. Our data show great heterogeneity in '\
                                                'nAb responses among people with recent COVID-19, highlighting the challenges of '\
                                                'interpreting natural history studies and gauging responses to vaccines and '\
                                                'therapeutics among people with recent infection. Our observations illuminate '\
                                                'potential correlations of demographic and clinical characteristics with nAb '\
                                                'responses, a key element for protection from COVID-19, thus informing '\
                                                'development and implementation of preventative and therapeutic strategies '\
                                                'globally. ClinicalTrials.gov NCT04403880.',\
                                    'ArticleTitle': 'Neutralizing antibody responses over time in demographically and clinically '\
                                                    'diverse individuals recovered from SARS-CoV-2 infection in the United '\
                                                    'States and Peru: A cohort study.',\
                                    'JournalTitle': ['PLoS medicine'],\
                                    'PubDate.Year': 2021,\
                                    'score': 5.92863\},\
                                \{   'Abstract': 'The purpose of the study was to assess the community knowledge of and to obtain '\
                                                'a broad overview of attitudes towards appropriate prevention techniques that '\
                                                'are recommended by the Ministry of Health to prevent COVID-19 transmission in '\
                                                'Saudi Arabia. A cross-sectional study using an online survey was conducted in '\
                                                'Saudi Arabia between 1 May and 30 November 2020 to assess the community '\
                                                'knowledge of and attitudes towards appropriate COVID-19 prevention techniques '\
                                                'in Saudi Arabia. The study tool was developed based on an extensive literature '\
                                                'review. A total of 577 individuals were involved in this study. The majority of '\
                                                'the participants knew that COVID-19 is classified as a severe acute respiratory '\
                                                'syndrome, is caused by viral infection, and that it is more common among the '\
                                                'elderly and those who have a chronic illness. More than half of the '\
                                                'participants were able to identify the symptoms of COVID-19 correctly, which '\
                                                'are fever, dry cough, and loss of taste. Approximately half the study '\
                                                'participants were knowledgeable about appropriate distancing, handwashing, and '\
                                                'preventive measures (e.g., wearing a cloth mask, smoking cessation, avoiding '\
                                                'dangerous cultural behaviors that increase the probability of disease '\
                                                'transmission). More than half of the study participants were able to identify '\
                                                'the appropriate actions that should be taken if common COVID-19 symptoms '\
                                                'appear. A promising level of knowledge and positive attitudes towards COVID-19 '\
                                                'was observed in Saudi Arabia. Continuous efforts should be maintained to '\
                                                'sustain the level of awareness among the public. Further studies are warranted '\
                                                'to explore the level of knowledge and attitudes after the introduction of '\
                                                'COVID-19 vaccines.',\
                                    'ArticleTitle': 'Community Knowledge of and Attitudes towards COVID-19 Prevention Techniques '\
                                                    'in Saudi Arabia: A Cross-Sectional Study.',\
                                    'JournalTitle': ['International journal of environmental research and public health'],\
                                    'PubDate.Year': 2021,\
                                    'score': 5.831895\}],\
                    'maxScore': 6.788148,\
                    'numFound': 3,\
                    'numFoundExact': True,\
                    'start': 0\},\
    'responseHeader': \{   'QTime': 1,\
                          'params': \{   'debug': 'query',\
                                        'defType': 'edismax',\
                                        'df': 'Abstract',\
                                        'fl': 'ArticleTitle Abstract JournalTitle PubDate.Year score',\
                                        'fq': ['', ''],\
                                        'indent': 'true',\
                                        'q': '(coronavirus OR covid) AND vaccine AND smoking',\
                                        'q.op': 'OR',\
                                        'qf': 'Abstract',\
                                        'rows': '3',\
                                        'sort': 'score desc',\
                                        'start': '0',\
                                        'wt': 'json'\},\
                          'status': 0\}\}\
+++ Time taken (connection + query processing): 0.01951 seconds \
 or 19.51289 ms [SOLR] +++\
http://localhost:8983/solr/pubmed_index/select?q=gender%20AND%20identity%20AND%20education&fq=&fq=&q.op=OR&rows=3&start=0&sort=score%20desc&fl=ArticleTitle%20Abstract%20JournalTitle%20PubDate.Year%20score&defType=edismax&qf=Abstract&df=Abstract&wt=json&indent=true&debug=query\
\{   'debug': \{   'QParser': 'ExtendedDismaxQParser',\
                 'altquerystring': None,\
                 'boost_queries': None,\
                 'boostfuncs': None,\
                 'parsed_boost_queries': [],\
                 'parsedquery': '+(+DisjunctionMaxQuery((Abstract:gender)) +DisjunctionMaxQuery((Abstract:identity)) '\
                                '+DisjunctionMaxQuery((Abstract:education)))',\
                 'parsedquery_toString': '+(+(Abstract:gender) +(Abstract:identity) +(Abstract:education))',\
                 'querystring': 'gender AND identity AND education',\
                 'rawquerystring': 'gender AND identity AND education'\},\
    'response': \{   'docs': [   \{   'Abstract': 'The Society for Maternal-Fetal Medicine seeks to ensure excellence in '\
                                                'obstetrical outcomes for all people who desire or experience pregnancy, '\
                                                'including people with diverse sexual and gender identities. The Society commits '\
                                                'to the use of practices in clinical and research settings that affirm the '\
                                                'sexual and gender identities of all people; encourages the development of '\
                                                'undergraduate and graduate medical education curricula and training programs '\
                                                'that address diverse pathways to pregnancy and support clinicians with diverse '\
                                                'sexual and gender identities; and promotes the use of inclusive language that '\
                                                'is accurate and, when possible, specific.',\
                                    'ArticleTitle': 'Society for Maternal-Fetal Medicine Special Statement: Commitment to '\
                                                    'Excellence in Obstetrical Care, Research, and Education for People with '\
                                                    'Diverse Sexual and Gender Identities.',\
                                    'JournalTitle': ['American journal of obstetrics and gynecology'],\
                                    'PubDate.Year': 2021,\
                                    'score': 9.6146145\},\
                                \{   'Abstract': 'Transgender and gender diverse (TGD) Asian Americans in the U.S. have multiple '\
                                                'stigmatized identities, yet their experiences of violence and discrimination '\
                                                'are not well understood. We utilized the 2015 United States Trans Survey, the '\
                                                'largest survey to date with U.S. TGD people, to study the experiences of TGD '\
                                                'Asian Americans. Our study included 699 TGD Asian Americans who experienced '\
                                                'violence and discrimination in the form of unequal treatment, verbal '\
                                                'harassment, and physical attack. We assessed how experiences differed by '\
                                                'sociodemographic characteristics, including birthplace, income, age, education, '\
                                                'disability, gender identity, and region. We also explored how family support '\
                                                'was associated with experiences of violence in the sample. Bivariate analyses '\
                                                'and multivariable regressions were used to understand how sociodemographic '\
                                                'variables and family support are linked to experiences of violence and '\
                                                'discrimination. Results indicated that income, age, disability, gender '\
                                                'identity, and family support are significantly associated with violence and '\
                                                'discrimination. As TGD Asian Americans currently experience high levels of '\
                                                'violence and discrimination due to transphobia and a rapidly rising anti-Asian '\
                                                'bias stemming from the COVID-19 pandemic, efforts to better understand factors '\
                                                'that may increase vulnerability and identify how family support can mitigate '\
                                                'those experiences are imperative.',\
                                    'ArticleTitle': 'Transgender and Gender Diverse (TGD) Asian Americans in the United States: '\
                                                    'Experiences of Violence, Discrimination, and Family Support.',\
                                    'JournalTitle': ['Journal of interpersonal violence'],\
                                    'PubDate.Year': 2021,\
                                    'score': 7.8912907\},\
                                \{   'Abstract': "Social integration is a critical component of adolescents' positive school "\
                                                "adjustment. Although prior scholars have highlighted how Black women and girls' "\
                                                'social identities (e.g., race, gender, social class) influence their academic '\
                                                'and social experiences in school, very little work has focused on how school '\
                                                "racial diversity shapes Black girls' peer networks throughout K-12 education. "\
                                                'To address this gap in the literature, the present qualitative study explored '\
                                                'the narratives of 44 Black undergraduate women (M',\
                                    'ArticleTitle': 'A qualitative exploration of school racial diversity, friendship choices, '\
                                                    "and Black women's identity-based experiences in high school.",\
                                    'JournalTitle': ['Journal of school psychology'],\
                                    'PubDate.Year': 2021,\
                                    'score': 7.4257836\}],\
                    'maxScore': 9.6146145,\
                    'numFound': 10,\
                    'numFoundExact': True,\
                    'start': 0\},\
    'responseHeader': \{   'QTime': 1,\
                          'params': \{   'debug': 'query',\
                                        'defType': 'edismax',\
                                        'df': 'Abstract',\
                                        'fl': 'ArticleTitle Abstract JournalTitle PubDate.Year score',\
                                        'fq': ['', ''],\
                                        'indent': 'true',\
                                        'q': 'gender AND identity AND education',\
                                        'q.op': 'OR',\
                                        'qf': 'Abstract',\
                                        'rows': '3',\
                                        'sort': 'score desc',\
                                        'start': '0',\
                                        'wt': 'json'\},\
                          'status': 0\}\}\
+++ Time taken (connection + query processing): 0.01654 seconds \
 or 16.53624 ms [SOLR] +++\
http://localhost:8983/solr/pubmed_index/select?q=ADHD%20AND%20children&fq=&fq=&q.op=OR&rows=3&start=0&sort=score%20desc&fl=ArticleTitle%20Abstract%20JournalTitle%20PubDate.Year%20score&defType=edismax&qf=Abstract&df=Abstract&wt=json&indent=true&debug=query\
\{   'debug': \{   'QParser': 'ExtendedDismaxQParser',\
                 'altquerystring': None,\
                 'boost_queries': None,\
                 'boostfuncs': None,\
                 'parsed_boost_queries': [],\
                 'parsedquery': '+(+DisjunctionMaxQuery((Abstract:adhd)) +DisjunctionMaxQuery((Abstract:children)))',\
                 'parsedquery_toString': '+(+(Abstract:adhd) +(Abstract:children))',\
                 'querystring': 'ADHD AND children',\
                 'rawquerystring': 'ADHD AND children'\},\
    'response': \{   'docs': [   \{   'Abstract': 'This study standardizes the Parental Stress Scale (PSS) for Republic of Korean '\
                                                'parents of children with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and '\
                                                'verifies its reliability and validity. Data from 160 parents of children with '\
                                                'ADHD who completed the following self-reported questionnaires were analyzed: '\
                                                'the Korean ADHD Rating Scales, the Patient Health Questionnaire-9, the '\
                                                'State-Trait Anxiety Inventory, the PSS, and the Global Assessment of Recent '\
                                                'Stress Scale. All scale items were measured for reliability and validity, and '\
                                                'the appropriate factors for measuring stress in Korean parents with ADHD '\
                                                'children were extracted. Exploratory and confirmatory factor analyses derived '\
                                                'two sub-factors and 11 items. Goodness of fit was confirmed, and the scale was '\
                                                'deemed suitable for explaining stress in parents of children with ADHD. In this '\
                                                'study, the validity and reliability of the K-PSS-ADHD were investigated. We '\
                                                'expect that the K-PSS-ADHD will be used as a basis for future studies on stress '\
                                                'in parents of children with ADHD.',\
                                    'ArticleTitle': 'Reliability and Validity of the Korean Version of the Parental Stress Scale '\
                                                    'for Children With Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder.',\
                                    'JournalTitle': ['Psychiatry investigation'],\
                                    'PubDate.Year': 2021,\
                                    'score': 8.807512\},\
                                \{   'Abstract': 'While children with ADHD are reported to have language problems, it is less '\
                                                'clear if their ability to use language to tell a story (i.e., form a narrative) '\
                                                'is impaired. Therefore, a systematic review and meta-analysis of studies '\
                                                'examining the oral production of fictional stories in children with ADHD was '\
                                                'conducted. Databases were systematically searched in January 2019 and December '\
                                                '2020 (follow-up). Studies comparing children (18years) with ADHD to a control '\
                                                'group of typically developing children were included. The meta-analysis adhered '\
                                                'to PRISMA guidelines and was preregistered with PROSPERO [CRD42019122040]. '\
                                                'Sixteen studies were retained. Results indicated that compared to typically '\
                                                'developing children, children with ADHD produced less coherent narratives '\
                                                "(Hedges' g=0.58 p<.001), gave more ambiguous references (Hedges' g=0.52, "\
                                                "p<.001), made more disruptive errors (Hedges' g=0.41, p<.001), and produced "\
                                                "language that was less syntactically complex (Hedges' g=0.39, p<.05). Children "\
                                                "with ADHD also produced less language overall (Hedges' g=0.27, p<.05), although "\
                                                'this result appeared to be an artefact of publication bias. Two studies '\
                                                'investigated internal state language and both found children with ADHD to '\
                                                'produce narratives with less internal state language. Children with ADHD did '\
                                                "not produce less fluent narratives (Hedges' g=0.23, p=.47), although a scarcity "\
                                                'of studies [K=4] preclude firm conclusions. In conclusion, children with ADHD '\
                                                'were impaired in several areas of oral narrative production and screening for '\
                                                'narrative language problems should be considered when assessing language and '\
                                                'communicative abilities in children with ADHD.',\
                                    'ArticleTitle': 'A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis of Narrative Language Abilities in '\
                                                    'Children with Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder.',\
                                    'JournalTitle': ['Research on child and adolescent psychopathology'],\
                                    'PubDate.Year': 2021,\
                                    'score': 8.678504\},\
                                \{   'Abstract': 'Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) and Autism Spectrum Disorders '\
                                                '(ASD) are two of the most represented neurodevelopmental conditions in '\
                                                'childhood. The diagnostic shift introduced by the DSM-5, allowing a combined '\
                                                'diagnosis of ADHD and ASD, poses different clinical challenges related to '\
                                                'diagnostic overshadowing, accuracy of clinical judgment and potential delay in '\
                                                'an ASD diagnosis in children presenting with ADHD. Here we tried to disentangle '\
                                                'the clinical phenotype and specificity of the two co-occurring conditions in '\
                                                'relation to autism traits and empathy, by comparing children with ASD with and '\
                                                'without comorbid ADHD with children presenting ADHD only and children with '\
                                                'typical development. The child versions of the Autism Quotient (C-AQ) and '\
                                                'Empathy Quotient (C-EQ) were administered to a total sample of 198 male '\
                                                'children between 6 and 14 years old with age appropriate language skills and '\
                                                'normal intelligence. Univariate analysis demonstrated no significant '\
                                                'differences in the C-AQ total and subscale scores as well as the C-EQ between '\
                                                'children with ASD and children with ASD + ADHD, while children with ADHD alone '\
                                                'presented an intermediate phenotype between ASD and TD. Furthermore, a receiver '\
                                                'operating characteristic (ROC) analysis was applied to discriminate among the '\
                                                'different phenotypes. We found that the C-AQ and C-EQ were accurate at '\
                                                'distinguishing with satisfactory reliability between: (a) ASD vs. non- ASD '\
                                                '(N-ASD) groups comprising both ADHD and TD children (Area Under the Curve AUC '\
                                                '88% for C-AQ and 81% for C-EQ); (b) ASD and TD (AUC 92% for C-AQ and 95% for '\
                                                'C-EQ); (c) ASD and ADHD (AUC 80% for C-AQ and 68% for C-EQ). Our data confirm '\
                                                'the reliability of the C-AQ and C-EQ as behavioral markers to differentiate ASD '\
                                                '(regardless of comorbid ADHD) from an ADHD condition and TD. Interestingly, in '\
                                                'our sample an ADHD condition does not increase the severity of the clinical '\
                                                'phenotype in terms of autism traits distribution and empathy, suggesting that '\
                                                'the psychological measures detected by the two quantitative instruments are '\
                                                'independent of ADHD traits. This evidence will contribute to the translational '\
                                                'efforts in developing better tailored treatments and preventive strategies.',\
                                    'ArticleTitle': 'Autistic Traits and Empathy in Children With Attention Deficit '\
                                                    'Hyperactivity Disorder, Autism Spectrum Disorder and Co-occurring Attention '\
                                                    'Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder/Autism Spectrum Disorder.',\
                                    'JournalTitle': ['Frontiers in neuroscience'],\
                                    'PubDate.Year': 2021,\
                                    'score': 8.649656\}],\
                    'maxScore': 8.807512,\
                    'numFound': 73,\
                    'numFoundExact': True,\
                    'start': 0\},\
    'responseHeader': \{   'QTime': 1,\
                          'params': \{   'debug': 'query',\
                                        'defType': 'edismax',\
                                        'df': 'Abstract',\
                                        'fl': 'ArticleTitle Abstract JournalTitle PubDate.Year score',\
                                        'fq': ['', ''],\
                                        'indent': 'true',\
                                        'q': 'ADHD AND children',\
                                        'q.op': 'OR',\
                                        'qf': 'Abstract',\
                                        'rows': '3',\
                                        'sort': 'score desc',\
                                        'start': '0',\
                                        'wt': 'json'\},\
                          'status': 0\}\}\
+++ Time taken (connection + query processing): 0.01822 seconds \
 or 18.22281 ms [SOLR] +++\
http://localhost:8983/solr/pubmed_index/select?q=%22anxiety%20in%20women%22&fq=&fq=&q.op=OR&rows=3&start=0&sort=score%20desc&fl=ArticleTitle%20Abstract%20JournalTitle%20PubDate.Year%20score&defType=edismax&qf=Abstract&df=Abstract&wt=json&indent=true&debug=query\
\{   'debug': \{   'QParser': 'ExtendedDismaxQParser',\
                 'altquerystring': None,\
                 'boost_queries': None,\
                 'boostfuncs': None,\
                 'parsed_boost_queries': [],\
                 'parsedquery': '+DisjunctionMaxQuery((Abstract:"anxiety ? women"))',\
                 'parsedquery_toString': '+(Abstract:"anxiety ? women")',\
                 'querystring': '"anxiety in women"',\
                 'rawquerystring': '"anxiety in women"'\},\
    'response': \{   'docs': [   \{   'Abstract': 'Uncovering mechanisms that can help explain the experience and impact of '\
                                                'anxiety in women is important for improving etiological models and treatments '\
                                                'to meet the needs of unique individuals. An enlarged error-related negativity '\
                                                '(ERN) - an electrophysiological marker of cognitive control-related error '\
                                                'monitoring- represents one indicator of neural processes more strongly related '\
                                                'to anxiety in women than men. In this study, we further examined this '\
                                                'association in women by testing the moderating effect of hormonal contraceptive '\
                                                '(HC) use on the relationship between worry - i.e., a transdiagnostic cognitive '\
                                                'dimension of anxiety - and the ERN. Results revealed that HCs moderated the '\
                                                'worry-ERN association. Specifically, we found a significant and large '\
                                                'relationship between worry and enlarged ERN in women using HCs, which was '\
                                                'smaller and nonsignificant in naturally cycling women (i.e., those not using '\
                                                'HCs). These findings suggest that the interplay among HC use, error-related '\
                                                'cognitive control, and worry represents a novel mechanism for better '\
                                                'characterizing the expression and impact of worry in women.',\
                                    'ArticleTitle': 'Hormonal contraceptive use moderates the association between worry and '\
                                                    'error-related brain activity.',\
                                    'JournalTitle': [   'International journal of psychophysiology : official journal of the '\
                                                        'International Organization of Psychophysiology'],\
                                    'PubDate.Year': 2021,\
                                    'score': 4.7967377\},\
                                \{   'Abstract': 'Breast cancer is the most common cancer among women in Taiwan. However, the '\
                                                'discomfort of receiving mammograms reduces the willingness to screen. This '\
                                                'study using a quasi-experimental design and recruited 150 participants in a '\
                                                'medical center, Taiwan. In the control group, only provided traditional health '\
                                                'education sheets, the experimental group has joined the intervention of '\
                                                'multimedia health education. State-Trait Anxiety Inventory and Visual Analogue '\
                                                'Scale, respectively, were used to compare the differences in anxiety and pain '\
                                                'between the two groups before and after receiving mammography. After the '\
                                                "intervention, the experimental group's state anxiety score was significantly "\
                                                'lower than that of the control group (30.638.43 vs. 33.7710.74, p<.05). '\
                                                'However, there was no significant difference in pain scores (4.132.37 vs. '\
                                                '4.572.31; p=.25). Younger, prior experience with mammography, and high trait '\
                                                'anxiety affect pain and state anxiety of women undergoing mammography. The '\
                                                'multimedia health education intervention could reduce anxiety effectively, but '\
                                                'it does not significantly relieve the pain undergoing mammography.',\
                                    'ArticleTitle': 'The effect of multimedia health education on pain and anxiety in women '\
                                                    'undergoing mammography in Taiwan.',\
                                    'JournalTitle': ['Taiwanese journal of obstetrics & gynecology'],\
                                    'PubDate.Year': 2021,\
                                    'score': 3.4872427\},\
                                \{   'Abstract': 'Second-trimester anomaly scan was introduced as a regulated practice in Romania '\
                                                'in 2019, causing misperceptions and unrealistic expectations about this '\
                                                'examination among pregnant women. This study aimed to assess whether second '\
                                                'trimester anomaly scan is a reason "per se" for maternal anxiety. A prospective '\
                                                'type 1 cohort study was conducted in a tertiary prenatal diagnosis center with '\
                                                'three locations in Bucharest, Romania, among pregnant women who underwent a '\
                                                'second trimester anomaly scan between 1 December 2019 and 29 February 2020. '\
                                                'Anxiety at the time of prenatal anomaly scan. Out of the 138 participants, '\
                                                '32.6% believed that the anomaly scan could detect all fetus defects, 13.8% '\
                                                'considered that the baby is bothered by the probe "light", 8.7% believed that '\
                                                'the scan could harm the fetus, 96.4% reported that it was a pleasant '\
                                                'experience, and 95% felt that it strengthened their bond with the fetus. The '\
                                                'State-Trait Anxiety Inventory (STAI) score revealed that women with high state '\
                                                'anxiety were more anxious at pre-scan ( Ultrasound scan in the second trimester '\
                                                'is correlated with a significant anxiety for women who are prone to this '\
                                                'psychological trait. It is also a good opportunity to screen for highly anxious '\
                                                'women who could benefit from prenatal psychological counseling to facilitate '\
                                                'timely recognition and prevention of postpartum psychiatric disorders such as '\
                                                'depression.',\
                                    'ArticleTitle': 'Psycho-Emotional Impact of Anomaly Ultrasound Scan in Romanian Pregnant '\
                                                    'Women.',\
                                    'JournalTitle': ['Healthcare (Basel, Switzerland)'],\
                                    'PubDate.Year': 2021,\
                                    'score': 3.121738\}],\
                    'maxScore': 4.7967377,\
                    'numFound': 11,\
                    'numFoundExact': True,\
                    'start': 0\},\
    'responseHeader': \{   'QTime': 1,\
                          'params': \{   'debug': 'query',\
                                        'defType': 'edismax',\
                                        'df': 'Abstract',\
                                        'fl': 'ArticleTitle Abstract JournalTitle PubDate.Year score',\
                                        'fq': ['', ''],\
                                        'indent': 'true',\
                                        'q': '"anxiety in women"',\
                                        'q.op': 'OR',\
                                        'qf': 'Abstract',\
                                        'rows': '3',\
                                        'sort': 'score desc',\
                                        'start': '0',\
                                        'wt': 'json'\},\
                          'status': 0\}\}\
+++ Time taken (connection + query processing): 0.01721 seconds \
 or 17.21001 ms [SOLR] +++\
http://localhost:8983/solr/pubmed_index/select?q=%22mental%20health%22%20AND%20covid%20AND%20students&fq=&fq=&q.op=OR&rows=3&start=0&sort=score%20desc&fl=ArticleTitle%20Abstract%20JournalTitle%20PubDate.Year%20score&defType=edismax&qf=Abstract&df=Abstract&wt=json&indent=true&debug=query\
\{   'debug': \{   'QParser': 'ExtendedDismaxQParser',\
                 'altquerystring': None,\
                 'boost_queries': None,\
                 'boostfuncs': None,\
                 'parsed_boost_queries': [],\
                 'parsedquery': '+(+DisjunctionMaxQuery((Abstract:"mental health")) +DisjunctionMaxQuery((Abstract:covid)) '\
                                '+DisjunctionMaxQuery((Abstract:student)))',\
                 'parsedquery_toString': '+(+(Abstract:"mental health") +(Abstract:covid) +(Abstract:student))',\
                 'querystring': '"mental health" AND covid AND students',\
                 'rawquerystring': '"mental health" AND covid AND students'\},\
    'response': \{   'docs': [   \{   'Abstract': 'The purpose of this study was to investigate mental health problems among '\
                                                'international students in South Korean universities during the COVID-19 '\
                                                'pandemic, as well as to identify the factors that affect their mental health. A '\
                                                'total of 488 international students living in South Korea participated in a '\
                                                'web-based survey. The questionnaire was created using the Google Forms '\
                                                'platform, and a link to the questionnaire was shared through social media. '\
                                                'Multiple logistic regression analysis was conducted to analyze the data. The '\
                                                'prevalence rates of sleep problems, anxiety, and depression among international '\
                                                'students were 47.1%, 39.6%, and 49%, respectively. The prevalence of mental '\
                                                'health problems was higher among participants who were male, living with '\
                                                'someone, residents of a rural area, and earning a higher income. The following '\
                                                'variables were found to contribute to the prevalence of mental health problems: '\
                                                'undergraduate student status, good understanding of the Korean language, longer '\
                                                'hours of media usage, and experiences related to COVID-19 infection. A '\
                                                'collaborative effort between the government and universities to manage the '\
                                                'mental health of international students could promote the mental health of '\
                                                'these students.',\
                                    'ArticleTitle': 'Factors Associated with Mental Health among International Students during '\
                                                    'the COVID-19 Pandemic in South Korea.',\
                                    'JournalTitle': ['International journal of environmental research and public health'],\
                                    'PubDate.Year': 2021,\
                                    'score': 10.264136\},\
                                \{   'Abstract': 'The COVID-19 pandemic is spreading globally with a high risk of mortality. It '\
                                                'is also significantly affecting mental health. For nursing students, the impact '\
                                                'of COVID-19 on mental health is predicted to be significant; however, '\
                                                'sufficient data have not been obtained. Therefore, this study will aim to '\
                                                'assess the mental health of nursing students and evaluate the related factors. '\
                                                'This proposed study is a cross-sectional survey using a self-report '\
                                                'questionnaire. An online questionnaire will be distributed among all nursing '\
                                                'students of eight universities in Japan. The survey questionnaire will consist '\
                                                'of questions related to demography, life satisfaction, fear of COVID-19, mental '\
                                                'health and physical activities. The target sample size is 1300 nursing '\
                                                'students. We will calculate descriptive statistics for each measurement item '\
                                                'and perform univariate and logistic regression analyses to evaluate the '\
                                                'potential risk factors for anxiety, depression and insomnia symptoms in nursing '\
                                                'students. The strength of association will be assessed using the OR and its 95% '\
                                                'CIs. Statistical significance will be set at a p<0.05. The protocol was '\
                                                'approved by the Institutional Review Board (IRB) of the University of Hyogo on '\
                                                '22 March 2021 (ID: 2020F29). In addition, all of the participating facilities '\
                                                'required ethical approval from their local IRBs. The findings will be '\
                                                'disseminated through peer-reviewed publications and conference presentations. '\
                                                'We believe that the proposed large-scale investigation of the mental health of '\
                                                'nursing students during the COVID-19 pandemic and the relationship between '\
                                                'mental health and fear of COVID-19 are novel and will be a strength of this '\
                                                'study.',\
                                    'ArticleTitle': 'Impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on mental health of nursing students in '\
                                                    'Japan: protocol for a cross-sectional study.',\
                                    'JournalTitle': ['BMJ open'],\
                                    'PubDate.Year': 2021,\
                                    'score': 10.247219\},\
                                \{   'Abstract': 'Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, a state of emergency was declared in Japan and '\
                                                'university classes were suspended, causing concern about the deterioration of '\
                                                'the mental health of isolated students. This study aimed to understand '\
                                                "students' mental health status during the COVID-19 pandemic and suggest "\
                                                'measures to prevent depressive anxiety among them. Undergraduate and graduate '\
                                                'students at one national and two private universities in the Kansai region were '\
                                                'surveyed. The Kessler Psychological Distress Scale-6 was used to assess the '\
                                                "students' mental health. Questions were included to assess students' awareness "\
                                                'of COVID-19 and changes in lifestyle habits, including drinking, smoking, '\
                                                "gaming, and other addictive habits. The University of Tokyo Health Sociology's "\
                                                'version of the Sense of Coherence Scale was used to assess the ability to cope '\
                                                'with stressors. More than 50% of undergraduate and graduate students felt more '\
                                                'than mild depressive anxiety and approximately 11% felt severe depressive '\
                                                'anxiety, indicating that anxiety about the future worsened the levels of '\
                                                'depressive anxiety. Life with reversed day and night schedules was associated '\
                                                'with the worsening of depressive anxiety levels, but a high sense of coherence '\
                                                'was associated with decreased levels of depressive anxiety. COVID-19 pandemic '\
                                                'triggered isolation which led to worsening the mental health of undergraduate '\
                                                'and graduate students. Psychological support for lifestyle and a sense of '\
                                                'coherence is necessary to prevent mental health deterioration among isolated '\
                                                'students. As we were unable to contact all students, the sample bias may affect '\
                                                'interpretation of the data.',\
                                    'ArticleTitle': 'A Cross-sectional Study of the Psychological Impact of the COVID-19 '\
                                                    'Pandemic on Undergraduate and Graduate Students in Japan.',\
                                    'JournalTitle': ['Journal of affective disorders reports'],\
                                    'PubDate.Year': 2021,\
                                    'score': 10.17609\}],\
                    'maxScore': 10.264136,\
                    'numFound': 64,\
                    'numFoundExact': True,\
                    'start': 0\},\
    'responseHeader': \{   'QTime': 1,\
                          'params': \{   'debug': 'query',\
                                        'defType': 'edismax',\
                                        'df': 'Abstract',\
                                        'fl': 'ArticleTitle Abstract JournalTitle PubDate.Year score',\
                                        'fq': ['', ''],\
                                        'indent': 'true',\
                                        'q': '"mental health" AND covid AND students',\
                                        'q.op': 'OR',\
                                        'qf': 'Abstract',\
                                        'rows': '3',\
                                        'sort': 'score desc',\
                                        'start': '0',\
                                        'wt': 'json'\},\
                          'status': 0\}\}\
+++ Time taken (connection + query processing): 0.01727 seconds \
 or 17.26794 ms [SOLR] +++}