{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2636
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgray\c0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww20680\viewh14280\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22 \cf2 \CocoaLigature0 sofy@Sofias-MBP-3 text_tech % python3 query_pgsql.py\
===========================================================             \
#1 NoIdx Gender: SELECT title,abstract,pub_date FROM articles             WHERE position('gender' in abstract) > 0 AND             position('identity' in abstract) > 0 AND             position('education' in abstract) > 0             ORDER BY pub_date DESC             LIMIT 3;\
\
+++ Query #1 processing time:             0.30713 seconds \
 or             307.12509 ms [SQL] +++\
+++ Retrieved results for query #1: 3 +++\
[   (   'The mental health of transgender and gender non-conforming people in China: a systematic review.',\
        'Transgender and gender non-conforming (TGNC) individuals are at a high risk of adverse mental health outcomes due to '\
        'minority stress-the stress faced by individuals categorised as stigmatised social minority groups. This systematic '\
        'review sought to summarise the key mental health findings of the research on TGNC individuals in mainland China. We '\
        'also aimed to consolidate research on the topic, identify specific mental health disparities, and offer new '\
        'perspectives for future research to inform both policy and clinical practice. An extensive search of the literature, '\
        'published in English and Chinese, was done between Jan 1, 1990, and Aug 1, 2021, using PubMed, PsycINFO, Scopus, '\
        'Wanfang (in Chinese), and CNKI (in Chinese). Overall, two qualitative and 28 quantitative articles were identified. The '\
        'quantitative findings showed a high prevalence of mental health problems, such as depression, anxiety, substance use '\
        'disorders, and stress-related issues, and greater disparities in psychological wellbeing. High prevalence is also '\
        'reported in suicidality and self-harm behaviours in this group. Across the two qualitative studies, attributable '\
        'factors included gender-related discrimination, barriers to accessing health services, low social support, decreased '\
        'knowledge and awareness of HIV prevention, and demographic characteristics-such as marital status, educational level, '\
        'and gender identity. This Review also found little evidence of gender-affirming care and mental health interventions in '\
        'mainland China. Following from these results, the next step is to integrate multi-level, social-psychological '\
        'interventions with education to reduce cultural stereotypes and transphobia in mainland China. Political and social '\
        'implications are also discussed to inform a standard set of guidelines for transgender-inclusive health-care services, '\
        'including advocating for funding to create these special care programmes and services.',\
        '2021-12'),\
    (   'Transgender and Gender Diverse (TGD) Asian Americans in the United States: Experiences of Violence, Discrimination, and '\
        'Family Support.',\
        'Transgender and gender diverse (TGD) Asian Americans in the U.S. have multiple stigmatized identities, yet their '\
        'experiences of violence and discrimination are not well understood. We utilized the 2015 United States Trans Survey, '\
        'the largest survey to date with U.S. TGD people, to study the experiences of TGD Asian Americans. Our study included '\
        '699 TGD Asian Americans who experienced violence and discrimination in the form of unequal treatment, verbal '\
        'harassment, and physical attack. We assessed how experiences differed by sociodemographic characteristics, including '\
        'birthplace, income, age, education, disability, gender identity, and region. We also explored how family support was '\
        'associated with experiences of violence in the sample. Bivariate analyses and multivariable regressions were used to '\
        'understand how sociodemographic variables and family support are linked to experiences of violence and discrimination. '\
        'Results indicated that income, age, disability, gender identity, and family support are significantly associated with '\
        'violence and discrimination. As TGD Asian Americans currently experience high levels of violence and discrimination due '\
        'to transphobia and a rapidly rising anti-Asian bias stemming from the COVID-19 pandemic, efforts to better understand '\
        'factors that may increase vulnerability and identify how family support can mitigate those experiences are imperative.',\
        '2021-12'),\
    (   'A Meta-Analytical Review of Gender-Based School Bullying in Spain.',\
        'School bullying continues to be one of the main challenges for the education community. Current research indicates that '\
        'Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, Transgender, Transsexual, and other LGBT+ people suffer the highest rates of bullying, while '\
        "other studies suggest that this bullying does not occur based on the victim's actual sexual orientation or gender "\
        'identity, but because they do not fit into the traditional gender roles. The aim of the present study was to carry out '\
        'a meta-analytical study on the prevalence of gender-based bullying against LGBT+ schoolchildren and adolescents in '\
        'Spain. The review was carried out following the recommendations of the PRISMA group and allowing us to identify a total '\
        'of 24 studies. All of these studies were published since 2008, and most of them conducted cross-sectional survey-type '\
        'research. It was also found that the instrument used to assess bullying varied greatly among studies, resulting in an '\
        'enormous heterogeneity of research on this topic. Different meta-analyses were carried out according to the profile of '\
        'involvement in bullying: victimisation, perpetration, and observation. In addition, three target populations were '\
        'detected in the victimisation research: the general population, pre-identified bullying victims reporting the reasons '\
        'behind the victimisation, and LGBT+ people. The meta-analyses conducted with R have estimated the prevalence of '\
        'observation of gender-based school bullying in Spain at 77.3%, perpetration at 13.3%, and victimisation at 8.6% among '\
        'the general population. When the research focuses on previously identified victims, the rate was 3.6%, while if LGBT+ '\
        'people are approached directly, the percentage increases to 51%. These rates reveal the need to develop specific '\
        'preventive strategies in schools. Greater awareness of affective-sexual diversity and respect for those who do not '\
        'conform to traditional gender roles should be promoted.',\
        '2021-12')]\
===========================================================             \
#2 NoIdx ADHD: SELECT title,abstract,pub_date FROM articles             WHERE position('ADHD' in abstract) > 0 AND             position('children' in abstract) > 0             ORDER BY pub_date DESC             LIMIT 3;\
\
+++ Query #2 processing time:             0.29216 seconds \
 or             292.16385 ms [SQL] +++\
+++ Retrieved results for query #2: 3 +++\
[   (   'Manual dexterity and strength and in young adults with and without Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD).',\
        'Manual motor deficits are common in children with attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD); however, it is '\
        'unclear whether these impairments persist into adulthood. The aim of this study was to examine manual dexterity and '\
        'strength in young adults with ADHD aged 18-25 years. Sixty-one individuals with confirmed ADHD and 56 adults without '\
        'ADHD completed Purdue Pegboard tasks for manual dexterity and maximal hand- and pinch-grip tests for strength. In the '\
        'Purdue Pegboard task, participants placed pins using the right, left, and both-hands, respectively. In addition, '\
        'participants built assemblies using pins, washers, and collars with alternating hand movements. The results '\
        'demonstrated that women without ADHD out-performed the other three groups in the right-hand, bimanual, and assembly PPB '\
        'tasks. Both maximal hand strength tests demonstrated that men were stronger than women, but no differences were '\
        'observed between adults with and without ADHD. The current findings suggest that adults with ADHD may have deficits in '\
        'manual dexterity and tasks requiring bimanual coordination.',\
        '2022-1'),\
    (   'Increased prevalence of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder symptomatology in patients with familial Mediterranean '\
        'fever.',\
        'Previous studies suggest that exposure to inflammation in infancy may increase the risk for attention-deficit and '\
        'hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). We studied the ADHD manifestations among 124 familial Mediterranean fever (FMF) patients '\
        'and examined the relationship between FMF patient characteristics and ADHD. Clinical, demographic, and genetic data '\
        "were abstracted from patients' medical records and supplemented by information obtained during clinic visits. ADHD "\
        'manifestations were assessed using the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (5th ed.) questionnaire. '\
        'ADHD was diagnosed in 42 (32.8%) FMF patients, a rate significantly higher than in unselected populations (8%). A '\
        'majority (n=27, 64.3%) had combined inattentive, hyperactive-impulsive manifestations. Eight (19%) had predominantly '\
        'hyperactive-impulsive, and seven (16.6%) had predominantly inattentive symptoms. FMF patients with severe '\
        'manifestations reported more ADHD symptoms. FMF patients with ADHD symptoms were less adherent to their treatment '\
        'regimen, with only 61.9% of the patients with ADHD symptoms adhering to colchicine therapy compared to 92.7% of the '\
        'patients without ADHD symptoms. The high prevalence of ADHD characteristics in children with FMF may support the '\
        'neuroimmune hypothesis that chronic inflammation increases the risk for ADHD. Children with FMF should be screened for '\
        'ADHD as its presence may adversely affect adherence to treatment.',\
        '2021-9'),\
    (   'Val158Met polymorphisms of COMT gene and serum concentrations of catecholaminergic neurotransmitters of ADHD in Chinese '\
        'children and adolescents.',\
        'This study analyzed the Val158Met polymorphisms of the catechol-O-methyltransferase (COMT) gene and serum '\
        'concentrations of catecholaminergic neurotransmitters in attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) children and '\
        'adolescents.All the subjects (180 paired ADHD and non-ADHD children and adolescents) were genotyped for the Val158Met '\
        'polymorphisms of the COMT gene, and determined by the difference of dopamine and noradrenalin from a 1:1 paired '\
        'case-control study.The frequencies of methionine (A)/A, valine (G)/A, and G/G were 51.67%, 41.11%, and 7.22% in the '\
        'case group, and 62.22%, 31.11%, and 6.67% in the control group. There was a significant difference in the distribution '\
        'of all genotypes of the COMT gene between the 2 groups (odds ratio=1.85, 95% confidence interval: 1.62-2.08; 2=7.80, '\
        'P<.05). The serum concentrations of dopamine and noradrenalin were 1.420.34ng/mL and 177.7037.92pg/mL in the case '\
        'group, and 1.940.42ng/mL and 206.2042.45pg/mL in the control group. There were the significant differences in the '\
        'levels of dopamine and noradrenalin between the 2 groups (dopamine: t=4.30, P<.01; noradrenalin: t=2.24, P<.05).Our '\
        'study suggested that the Val158Met polymorphisms of the COMT gene and serum concentrations of catecholaminergic '\
        'neurotransmitters were associated with ADHD children and adolescents.',\
        '2021-12')]\
===========================================================             \
#3 NoIdx VaxReaction: SELECT title,abstract,pub_date FROM articles             WHERE (position('covid' in abstract) > 0 OR                 position('coronavirus' in abstract) > 0) AND             position('vaccine' in abstract) > 0 AND             position('reaction' in abstract) > 0             LIMIT 3;\
\
+++ Query #3 processing time:             0.01697 seconds \
 or             16.97302 ms [SQL] +++\
+++ Retrieved results for query #3: 3 +++\
[   (   'Targeted Detection of SARS-CoV-2 Nucleocapsid Sequence Variants by Mass Spectrometric Analysis of Tryptic Peptides.',\
        'COVID-19 vaccines are becoming more widely available, but accurate and rapid testing remains a crucial tool for slowing '\
        'the spread of the severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus-2 (SARS-CoV-2) virus. Although the quantitative reverse '\
        'transcription-polymerase chain reaction (qRT-PCR) remains the most prevalent testing methodology, numerous tests have '\
        'been developed that are predicated on detection of the SARS-CoV-2 nucleocapsid protein, including liquid '\
        'chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry (LC-MS/MS) and immunoassay-based approaches. The continuing emergence of '\
        'SARS-CoV-2 variants has complicated these approaches, as both qRT-PCR and antigen detection methods can be prone to '\
        'missing viral variants. In this study, we describe several COVID-19 cases where we were unable to detect the expected '\
        'peptide targets from clinical nasopharyngeal swabs. Whole genome sequencing revealed that single nucleotide '\
        'polymorphisms in the gene encoding the viral nucleocapsid protein led to sequence variants that were not monitored in '\
        'the targeted assay. Minor modifications to the LC-MS/MS method ensured detection of the variants of the target peptide. '\
        'Additional nucleocapsid variants could be detected by performing the bottom-up proteomic analysis of whole viral '\
        'genome-sequenced samples. This study demonstrates the importance of considering variants of SARS-CoV-2 in the assay '\
        'design and highlights the flexibility of mass spectrometry-based approaches to detect variants as they evolve.',\
        '2021-11'),\
    (   'Autoimmune hepatitis after SARS-CoV-2 vaccine: New-onset or flare-up?',\
        'Severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) infection has been reported to trigger several autoimmune '\
        'diseases. There are also recent reports of autoimmune diseases that develop after SARS-CoV-2 vaccines. Autoimmune '\
        'hepatitis is a polygenic multifactorial disease, which is diagnosed using a scoring system. A 61-year-old woman '\
        'presented with malaise, fatigue, loss of appetite, nausea and yellow eyes. She had a Pfizer/BioNTech BNT162b2 mRNA '\
        'vaccine a month ago. Her physical examination revealed jaundice all over the body, especially in the sclera. The '\
        'laboratory tests showed elevated liver enzymes and bilirubin levels. Antinuclear antibody and anti-smooth muscle '\
        'antibody were positive and immunoglobulin G was markedly elevated. The liver biopsy revealed histopathological findings '\
        'consistent with autoimmune hepatitis (AIH). The patient was diagnosed with AIH and initiated on steroid therapy. She '\
        'rapidly responded to steroid therapy. A few cases of AIH have been reported after the COVID-19 vaccine so far. Although '\
        'the exact cause of autoimmune reactions is unknown, an abnormal immune response and bystander activation induced by '\
        'molecular mimicry is considered a potential mechanism, especially in susceptible individuals. As intensive vaccination '\
        'against SARS-CoV-2 continues, we would like to emphasize that clinicians should be cautious and consider AIH in '\
        'patients presenting with similar signs and symptoms.',\
        '2021-11'),\
    (   'Safety and immunogenicity of inactivated COVID-19 vaccine in health care workers.',\
        'Effective vaccines are essential for controlling the coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) pandemic. CoronaVac, which is '\
        'an inactivated virus vaccine, was the first imported COVID-19 vaccine in Thailand. To investigate the safety and '\
        'immunogenicity of CoronaVac within the Thai population, we conducted a prospective cohort study among health care '\
        'workers aged 18-59 years, who received a 2-dose regimen of CoronaVac 21 days apart between March and April 2021 at the '\
        'hospital in Samut Sakhon, Thailand. We recruited 185 participants with a mean age of 32 years. Total antibodies against '\
        'receptor-binding domain (RBD) and immunoglobulin G (IgG) against nucleocapsid (N) protein of SARS-CoV-2 were tested. '\
        'Total antibodies against RBD were negative before immunization. One volunteer was positive for N, although negative for '\
        'the RBD antibodies. The seroconversion rate of total antibodies against RBD after the first CoronaVac dose was 67% with '\
        'a Geometric mean concentration (GMC) of 1.98 U/ml. Following CoronaVac dose 2, the seroconversion rate increased to '\
        '100% with a GMC of 92.9 U/ml. The seroconversion rates of IgG against N protein were 1% after dose 1 and 62.8% after '\
        'dose 2. The overall incidence of adverse reactions was 59.5%. Injection-site pain was the most common local adverse '\
        'event (52.4%), while myalgia was the most common systemic adverse event (31.9%). No serious adverse events were '\
        'observed. A 0-21 days, 2-dose CoronaVac regimen appears safe, inducing a satisfactory response compared with '\
        'convalescent serum obtained 4-6 weeks postnatural infection. Antibody responses after 2-dose CoronaVac were comparable '\
        'to the convalescent plasma but waned rapidly after 3 months. Therefore, we recommend 2-dose CoronaVac administration '\
        'with possible booster doses.',\
        '2021-11')]\
===========================================================             \
#4 Idx VaxReaction OTF: SELECT title,abstract,pub_date,ts_rank_cd(vector, query) AS rank              FROM articles,                 to_tsquery( '(coronavirus|covid) & vaccine & reaction' ) AS query             WHERE to_tsvector(title || ' ' || abstract) @@ query             ORDER BY rank DESC             LIMIT 3;\
\
+++ Query #4 processing time:             10.88728 seconds \
 or             10887.27593 ms [SQL] +++\
+++ Retrieved results for query #4: 3 +++\
[   (   'Utility and futility of skin testing to address concerns surrounding messenger RNA coronavirus disease 2019 vaccine '\
        'reactions.',\
        'The mechanism of coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) vaccine hypersensitivity reactions is unknown. COVID-19 vaccine '\
        'excipient skin testing has been used in evaluation of these reactions, but its utility in predicting subsequent '\
        'COVID-19 vaccine tolerance is also unknown. To evaluate the utility of COVID-19 vaccine and vaccine excipient skin '\
        'testing in both patients with an allergic reaction to their first messenger RNA COVID-19 vaccine dose and patients with '\
        'a history of polyethylene glycol allergy who have not yet received a COVID-19 vaccine dose. In this multicenter, '\
        'retrospective review, COVID-19 vaccine and vaccine excipient skin testing was performed in patients referred to 1 of 3 '\
        'large tertiary academic institutions. Patient medical records were reviewed after skin testing to determine subsequent '\
        'COVID-19 vaccine tolerance. A total of 129 patients underwent skin testing, in whom 12 patients (9.3%) had positive '\
        'results. There were 101 patients who received a COVID-19 vaccine after the skin testing, which was tolerated in 90 '\
        'patients (89.1%) with no allergic symptoms, including 5 of 6 patients with positive skin testing results who received a '\
        'COVID-19 vaccine after the skin testing. The remaining 11 patients experienced minor allergic symptoms after COVID-19 '\
        'vaccination, none of whom required treatment beyond antihistamines. The low positivity rate of COVID-19 vaccine '\
        'excipient skin testing and high rate of subsequent COVID-19 vaccine tolerance suggest a low utility of this method in '\
        'evaluation of COVID-19 vaccine hypersensitivity reactions. Focus should shift to the use of existing vaccine allergy '\
        'practice parameters, with consideration of graded dosing when necessary. On the basis of these results, strict '\
        'avoidance of subsequent COVID-19 vaccination should be discouraged.',\
        '2021-11',\
        0.2487354),\
    (   'Effect of gentle exercises on injection site reaction after Covid-19 vaccination. A case report.',\
        'A series of atypical acute respiratory diseases were caused in Wuhan, China, in December 2019 by a novel coronavirus '\
        '(COVID-19). Over six million confirmed COVID-19 cases had been reported worldwide, and total deaths in the USA from '\
        'March 1 to May 30, 2020, were approximately 7,81,000. Worldwide, scientists are developing many potential COVID-19 '\
        'vaccines. Few of the companies got success in the development of a vaccine for COVID-19, but most of the recipients '\
        'reported injection site reactions like pain, redness, or erythema after vaccination. The present study aimed to '\
        'evaluate the effect of gentle upper limb exercises to reduce injection site reactions, and here we present a case with '\
        'post vaccination site reaction that reported pre-assessment score 7 for visual analog scale for pain and score 2 for '\
        'redness and erythema with Investigator-reported and rated injection site reactions. Then he performed gentle upper limb '\
        'exercises after 8 and 24 hours of vaccination. The study reported a beneficial effect of these exercises to reduce pain '\
        'and redness or erythema after Covid-19 vaccination. The potential benefit of gentle exercises may be due to their blood '\
        'flow boost-up and anti-inflammatory effects. However, high-quality controlled trials are warranted further to evaluate '\
        'the potential benefit of upper limb gentle exercises for the reduction of injection site reactions after the Covid-19 '\
        'vaccination injection. The clinical experience with the subect shows that gentle exercises for upper limb may reduce '\
        'the inection site reaction after COVID-19 vaccination.',\
        '2021-10',\
        0.12388134),\
    (   'Cutaneous reactions to COVID-19 vaccine at the dermatology primary care.',\
        'Coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) vaccines can cause adverse reactions, mainly from vaccine-induced immune responses. '\
        'Some of these may also involve the skin and worry unaware patients. A better understanding of such adverse reactions '\
        'may reduce concerns and help promote the vaccination of large population groups. All the reports of patients admitted '\
        'to our Dermatology Primary Care, from March 2021 to June 2021, were retrospectively examined to collect descriptive '\
        'data on skin reactions arising after COVID-19 vaccination. Out of 200 vaccinated patients admitted to the Dermatology '\
        'Primary Care, 21 (10.5%) referred cutaneous reactions with onset after vaccination. Only one patient required '\
        'hospitalization for generalized bullous erythema multiforme, which occurred 48h after the second vaccine dose. The '\
        "other patients' cutaneous reactions to vaccination were of mild/moderate degree. Three patients presented exacerbation "\
        'of their cutaneous diseases. Cutaneous reactions observed in our sample were mostly mild or moderate. Awareness must be '\
        'raised to recognize and treat eventual severe reactions. Future studies are needed to assess the incidence of cutaneous '\
        'reactions following COVID-19 vaccination.',\
        '2021-11',\
        0.1232197)]\
===========================================================             \
#5 Idx VaxReaction: SELECT title,abstract,pub_date,ts_rank_cd(vector, query) AS rank             FROM articles,                 to_tsquery( '(coronavirus|covid) & vaccine & reaction' ) AS query             WHERE vector @@ query             ORDER BY rank DESC             LIMIT 3;\
\
+++ Query #5 processing time:             0.00374 seconds \
 or             3.74174 ms [SQL] +++\
+++ Retrieved results for query #5: 3 +++\
[   (   'Utility and futility of skin testing to address concerns surrounding messenger RNA coronavirus disease 2019 vaccine '\
        'reactions.',\
        'The mechanism of coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) vaccine hypersensitivity reactions is unknown. COVID-19 vaccine '\
        'excipient skin testing has been used in evaluation of these reactions, but its utility in predicting subsequent '\
        'COVID-19 vaccine tolerance is also unknown. To evaluate the utility of COVID-19 vaccine and vaccine excipient skin '\
        'testing in both patients with an allergic reaction to their first messenger RNA COVID-19 vaccine dose and patients with '\
        'a history of polyethylene glycol allergy who have not yet received a COVID-19 vaccine dose. In this multicenter, '\
        'retrospective review, COVID-19 vaccine and vaccine excipient skin testing was performed in patients referred to 1 of 3 '\
        'large tertiary academic institutions. Patient medical records were reviewed after skin testing to determine subsequent '\
        'COVID-19 vaccine tolerance. A total of 129 patients underwent skin testing, in whom 12 patients (9.3%) had positive '\
        'results. There were 101 patients who received a COVID-19 vaccine after the skin testing, which was tolerated in 90 '\
        'patients (89.1%) with no allergic symptoms, including 5 of 6 patients with positive skin testing results who received a '\
        'COVID-19 vaccine after the skin testing. The remaining 11 patients experienced minor allergic symptoms after COVID-19 '\
        'vaccination, none of whom required treatment beyond antihistamines. The low positivity rate of COVID-19 vaccine '\
        'excipient skin testing and high rate of subsequent COVID-19 vaccine tolerance suggest a low utility of this method in '\
        'evaluation of COVID-19 vaccine hypersensitivity reactions. Focus should shift to the use of existing vaccine allergy '\
        'practice parameters, with consideration of graded dosing when necessary. On the basis of these results, strict '\
        'avoidance of subsequent COVID-19 vaccination should be discouraged.',\
        '2021-11',\
        0.2487354),\
    (   'Effect of gentle exercises on injection site reaction after Covid-19 vaccination. A case report.',\
        'A series of atypical acute respiratory diseases were caused in Wuhan, China, in December 2019 by a novel coronavirus '\
        '(COVID-19). Over six million confirmed COVID-19 cases had been reported worldwide, and total deaths in the USA from '\
        'March 1 to May 30, 2020, were approximately 7,81,000. Worldwide, scientists are developing many potential COVID-19 '\
        'vaccines. Few of the companies got success in the development of a vaccine for COVID-19, but most of the recipients '\
        'reported injection site reactions like pain, redness, or erythema after vaccination. The present study aimed to '\
        'evaluate the effect of gentle upper limb exercises to reduce injection site reactions, and here we present a case with '\
        'post vaccination site reaction that reported pre-assessment score 7 for visual analog scale for pain and score 2 for '\
        'redness and erythema with Investigator-reported and rated injection site reactions. Then he performed gentle upper limb '\
        'exercises after 8 and 24 hours of vaccination. The study reported a beneficial effect of these exercises to reduce pain '\
        'and redness or erythema after Covid-19 vaccination. The potential benefit of gentle exercises may be due to their blood '\
        'flow boost-up and anti-inflammatory effects. However, high-quality controlled trials are warranted further to evaluate '\
        'the potential benefit of upper limb gentle exercises for the reduction of injection site reactions after the Covid-19 '\
        'vaccination injection. The clinical experience with the subect shows that gentle exercises for upper limb may reduce '\
        'the inection site reaction after COVID-19 vaccination.',\
        '2021-10',\
        0.12388134),\
    (   'Cutaneous reactions to COVID-19 vaccine at the dermatology primary care.',\
        'Coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) vaccines can cause adverse reactions, mainly from vaccine-induced immune responses. '\
        'Some of these may also involve the skin and worry unaware patients. A better understanding of such adverse reactions '\
        'may reduce concerns and help promote the vaccination of large population groups. All the reports of patients admitted '\
        'to our Dermatology Primary Care, from March 2021 to June 2021, were retrospectively examined to collect descriptive '\
        'data on skin reactions arising after COVID-19 vaccination. Out of 200 vaccinated patients admitted to the Dermatology '\
        'Primary Care, 21 (10.5%) referred cutaneous reactions with onset after vaccination. Only one patient required '\
        'hospitalization for generalized bullous erythema multiforme, which occurred 48h after the second vaccine dose. The '\
        "other patients' cutaneous reactions to vaccination were of mild/moderate degree. Three patients presented exacerbation "\
        'of their cutaneous diseases. Cutaneous reactions observed in our sample were mostly mild or moderate. Awareness must be '\
        'raised to recognize and treat eventual severe reactions. Future studies are needed to assess the incidence of cutaneous '\
        'reactions following COVID-19 vaccination.',\
        '2021-11',\
        0.1232197)]\
===========================================================             \
#6 Idx VaxSmoking: SELECT title,abstract,pub_date,ts_rank_cd(vector, query) AS rank             FROM articles,                 to_tsquery( '(coronavirus|covid) & vaccine & smoking' ) AS query             WHERE vector @@ query             ORDER BY rank DESC             LIMIT 3;\
\
+++ Query #6 processing time:             0.00107 seconds \
 or             1.07026 ms [SQL] +++\
+++ Retrieved results for query #6: 3 +++\
[   (   'Can vaccination roll-out be more equitable if population risk is taken into account?',\
        'COVID-19 vaccination in many countries, including England, has been prioritised primarily by age. However, people of '\
        'the same age can have very different health statuses. Frailty is a commonly used metric of health and has been found to '\
        'be more strongly associated with mortality than age among COVID-19 inpatients. We compared the number of first vaccine '\
        'doses administered across the 135 NHS Clinical Commissioning Groups (CCGs) of England to both the over 50 population '\
        'and the estimated frail population in each area. Area-based frailty estimates were generated using the English '\
        'Longitudinal Survey of Ageing (ELSA), a national survey of older people. We also compared the number of doses to the '\
        'number of people with other risk factors associated with COVID-19: atrial fibrillation, chronic kidney disease, '\
        'diabetes, learning disabilities, obesity and smoking status. We estimate that after 79 days of the vaccine program, '\
        'across all Clinical Commissioning Group areas, the number of people who received a first vaccine per frail person '\
        'ranged from 4.4 (95% CI 4.0-4.8) and 20.1 (95% CI 18.3-21.9). The prevalences of other risk factors were also poorly '\
        'associated with the prevalence of vaccination across England. Vaccination with age-based priority created area-based '\
        'inequities in the number of doses administered relative to the number of people who are frail or have other risk '\
        'factors associated with COVID-19. As frailty has previously been found to be more strongly associated with mortality '\
        'than age for COVID-19 inpatients, an age-based priority system may increase the risk of mortality in some areas during '\
        'the vaccine roll-out period. Authorities planning COVID-19 vaccination programmes should consider the disadvantages of '\
        'an age-based priority system.',\
        '2021-0',\
        0.007184202),\
    (   'Community Knowledge of and Attitudes towards COVID-19 Prevention Techniques in Saudi Arabia: A Cross-Sectional Study.',\
        'The purpose of the study was to assess the community knowledge of and to obtain a broad overview of attitudes towards '\
        'appropriate prevention techniques that are recommended by the Ministry of Health to prevent COVID-19 transmission in '\
        'Saudi Arabia. A cross-sectional study using an online survey was conducted in Saudi Arabia between 1 May and 30 '\
        'November 2020 to assess the community knowledge of and attitudes towards appropriate COVID-19 prevention techniques in '\
        'Saudi Arabia. The study tool was developed based on an extensive literature review. A total of 577 individuals were '\
        'involved in this study. The majority of the participants knew that COVID-19 is classified as a severe acute respiratory '\
        'syndrome, is caused by viral infection, and that it is more common among the elderly and those who have a chronic '\
        'illness. More than half of the participants were able to identify the symptoms of COVID-19 correctly, which are fever, '\
        'dry cough, and loss of taste. Approximately half the study participants were knowledgeable about appropriate '\
        'distancing, handwashing, and preventive measures (e.g., wearing a cloth mask, smoking cessation, avoiding dangerous '\
        'cultural behaviors that increase the probability of disease transmission). More than half of the study participants '\
        'were able to identify the appropriate actions that should be taken if common COVID-19 symptoms appear. A promising '\
        'level of knowledge and positive attitudes towards COVID-19 was observed in Saudi Arabia. Continuous efforts should be '\
        'maintained to sustain the level of awareness among the public. Further studies are warranted to explore the level of '\
        'knowledge and attitudes after the introduction of COVID-19 vaccines.',\
        '2021-12',\
        0.0012195122),\
    (   'Neutralizing antibody responses over time in demographically and clinically diverse individuals recovered from '\
        'SARS-CoV-2 infection in the United States and Peru: A cohort study.',\
        'People infected with Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome Coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) experience a wide range of clinical '\
        'manifestations, from asymptomatic and mild illness to severe illness and death, influenced by age and a variety of '\
        'comorbidities. Neutralizing antibodies (nAbs) are thought to be a primary immune defense against the virus. Large, '\
        'diverse, well-characterized cohorts of convalescent individuals provide standardized values to benchmark nAb responses '\
        'to past SARS-CoV-2 infection and define potentially protective levels of immunity. This analysis comprises an '\
        'observational cohort of 329 HIV-seronegative adults in the United States (n = 167) and Peru (n = 162) convalescing from '\
        'SARS-CoV-2 infection from May through October 2020. The mean age was 48 years (range 18 to 86), 54% of the cohort '\
        'overall was Hispanic, and 34% identified as White. nAb titers were measured in serum by SARS-CoV-2.D614G '\
        'Spike-pseudotyped virus infection of 293T/ACE2 cells. Multiple linear regression was applied to define associations '\
        'between nAb titers and demographic variables, disease severity and time from infection or disease onset, and '\
        'comorbidities within and across US and Peruvian cohorts over time. nAb titers peaked 28 to 42 days post-diagnosis and '\
        'were higher in participants with a history of severe Coronavirus Disease 2019 (COVID-19) illness (p < 0.001). Diabetes, '\
        'age >55 years, male sex assigned at birth, and, in some cases, body mass index were also independently associated with '\
        'higher nAb titers, whereas hypertension was independently associated with lower nAb titers. nAb titers did not differ '\
        'by race, underlying pulmonary disease or smoking. Two months post-enrollment, nAb ID50 (ID80) titers declined 3.5 '\
        '(2.8)-fold overall. Study limitations in this observational, convalescent cohort include survivorship bias and missing '\
        'early viral loads and acute immune responses to correlate with the convalescent responses we observed. In summary, in '\
        'our cohort, nAb titers after SARS-CoV-2 infection peaked approximately 1 month post-diagnosis and varied by age, sex '\
        'assigned at birth, disease severity, and underlying comorbidities. Our data show great heterogeneity in nAb responses '\
        'among people with recent COVID-19, highlighting the challenges of interpreting natural history studies and gauging '\
        'responses to vaccines and therapeutics among people with recent infection. Our observations illuminate potential '\
        'correlations of demographic and clinical characteristics with nAb responses, a key element for protection from '\
        'COVID-19, thus informing development and implementation of preventative and therapeutic strategies globally. '\
        'ClinicalTrials.gov NCT04403880.',\
        '2021-12',\
        0.001)]\
===========================================================             \
#7 Idx Gender: SELECT title,abstract,pub_date,ts_rank_cd(vector, query) AS rank             FROM articles,                 to_tsquery( 'gender & identity & education' ) AS query             WHERE vector @@ query             ORDER BY rank DESC             LIMIT 3;\
\
+++ Query #7 processing time:             0.00084 seconds \
 or             0.83828 ms [SQL] +++\
+++ Retrieved results for query #7: 3 +++\
[   (   'Transgender and Gender Diverse (TGD) Asian Americans in the United States: Experiences of Violence, Discrimination, and '\
        'Family Support.',\
        'Transgender and gender diverse (TGD) Asian Americans in the U.S. have multiple stigmatized identities, yet their '\
        'experiences of violence and discrimination are not well understood. We utilized the 2015 United States Trans Survey, '\
        'the largest survey to date with U.S. TGD people, to study the experiences of TGD Asian Americans. Our study included '\
        '699 TGD Asian Americans who experienced violence and discrimination in the form of unequal treatment, verbal '\
        'harassment, and physical attack. We assessed how experiences differed by sociodemographic characteristics, including '\
        'birthplace, income, age, education, disability, gender identity, and region. We also explored how family support was '\
        'associated with experiences of violence in the sample. Bivariate analyses and multivariable regressions were used to '\
        'understand how sociodemographic variables and family support are linked to experiences of violence and discrimination. '\
        'Results indicated that income, age, disability, gender identity, and family support are significantly associated with '\
        'violence and discrimination. As TGD Asian Americans currently experience high levels of violence and discrimination due '\
        'to transphobia and a rapidly rising anti-Asian bias stemming from the COVID-19 pandemic, efforts to better understand '\
        'factors that may increase vulnerability and identify how family support can mitigate those experiences are imperative.',\
        '2021-12',\
        0.052589376),\
    (   'The mental health of transgender and gender non-conforming people in China: a systematic review.',\
        'Transgender and gender non-conforming (TGNC) individuals are at a high risk of adverse mental health outcomes due to '\
        'minority stress-the stress faced by individuals categorised as stigmatised social minority groups. This systematic '\
        'review sought to summarise the key mental health findings of the research on TGNC individuals in mainland China. We '\
        'also aimed to consolidate research on the topic, identify specific mental health disparities, and offer new '\
        'perspectives for future research to inform both policy and clinical practice. An extensive search of the literature, '\
        'published in English and Chinese, was done between Jan 1, 1990, and Aug 1, 2021, using PubMed, PsycINFO, Scopus, '\
        'Wanfang (in Chinese), and CNKI (in Chinese). Overall, two qualitative and 28 quantitative articles were identified. The '\
        'quantitative findings showed a high prevalence of mental health problems, such as depression, anxiety, substance use '\
        'disorders, and stress-related issues, and greater disparities in psychological wellbeing. High prevalence is also '\
        'reported in suicidality and self-harm behaviours in this group. Across the two qualitative studies, attributable '\
        'factors included gender-related discrimination, barriers to accessing health services, low social support, decreased '\
        'knowledge and awareness of HIV prevention, and demographic characteristics-such as marital status, educational level, '\
        'and gender identity. This Review also found little evidence of gender-affirming care and mental health interventions in '\
        'mainland China. Following from these results, the next step is to integrate multi-level, social-psychological '\
        'interventions with education to reduce cultural stereotypes and transphobia in mainland China. Political and social '\
        'implications are also discussed to inform a standard set of guidelines for transgender-inclusive health-care services, '\
        'including advocating for funding to create these special care programmes and services.',\
        '2021-12',\
        0.036111113),\
    (   'Society for Maternal-Fetal Medicine Special Statement: Commitment to Excellence in Obstetrical Care, Research, and '\
        'Education for People with Diverse Sexual and Gender Identities.',\
        'The Society for Maternal-Fetal Medicine seeks to ensure excellence in obstetrical outcomes for all people who desire or '\
        'experience pregnancy, including people with diverse sexual and gender identities. The Society commits to the use of '\
        'practices in clinical and research settings that affirm the sexual and gender identities of all people; encourages the '\
        'development of undergraduate and graduate medical education curricula and training programs that address diverse '\
        'pathways to pregnancy and support clinicians with diverse sexual and gender identities; and promotes the use of '\
        'inclusive language that is accurate and, when possible, specific.',\
        '2021-11',\
        0.03162288)]\
===========================================================             \
#8 Idx ADHD: SELECT title,abstract,pub_date,ts_rank_cd(vector, query) AS rank             FROM articles,                 to_tsquery( 'ADHD & children' ) AS query             WHERE vector @@ query             ORDER BY rank DESC             LIMIT 3;\
\
+++ Query #8 processing time:             0.00163 seconds \
 or             1.63388 ms [SQL] +++\
+++ Retrieved results for query #8: 3 +++\
[   (   'A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis of Narrative Language Abilities in Children with Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity '\
        'Disorder.',\
        'While children with ADHD are reported to have language problems, it is less clear if their ability to use language to '\
        'tell a story (i.e., form a narrative) is impaired. Therefore, a systematic review and meta-analysis of studies '\
        'examining the oral production of fictional stories in children with ADHD was conducted. Databases were systematically '\
        'searched in January 2019 and December 2020 (follow-up). Studies comparing children (18years) with ADHD to a control '\
        'group of typically developing children were included. The meta-analysis adhered to PRISMA guidelines and was '\
        'preregistered with PROSPERO [CRD42019122040]. Sixteen studies were retained. Results indicated that compared to '\
        "typically developing children, children with ADHD produced less coherent narratives (Hedges' g=0.58 p<.001), gave more "\
        "ambiguous references (Hedges' g=0.52, p<.001), made more disruptive errors (Hedges' g=0.41, p<.001), and produced "\
        "language that was less syntactically complex (Hedges' g=0.39, p<.05). Children with ADHD also produced less language "\
        "overall (Hedges' g=0.27, p<.05), although this result appeared to be an artefact of publication bias. Two studies "\
        'investigated internal state language and both found children with ADHD to produce narratives with less internal state '\
        "language. Children with ADHD did not produce less fluent narratives (Hedges' g=0.23, p=.47), although a scarcity of "\
        'studies [K=4] preclude firm conclusions. In conclusion, children with ADHD were impaired in several areas of oral '\
        'narrative production and screening for narrative language problems should be considered when assessing language and '\
        'communicative abilities in children with ADHD.',\
        '2021-11',\
        0.47839987),\
    (   'Autistic Traits and Empathy in Children With Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder, Autism Spectrum Disorder and '\
        'Co-occurring Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder/Autism Spectrum Disorder.',\
        'Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) and Autism Spectrum Disorders (ASD) are two of the most represented '\
        'neurodevelopmental conditions in childhood. The diagnostic shift introduced by the DSM-5, allowing a combined diagnosis '\
        'of ADHD and ASD, poses different clinical challenges related to diagnostic overshadowing, accuracy of clinical judgment '\
        'and potential delay in an ASD diagnosis in children presenting with ADHD. Here we tried to disentangle the clinical '\
        'phenotype and specificity of the two co-occurring conditions in relation to autism traits and empathy, by comparing '\
        'children with ASD with and without comorbid ADHD with children presenting ADHD only and children with typical '\
        'development. The child versions of the Autism Quotient (C-AQ) and Empathy Quotient (C-EQ) were administered to a total '\
        'sample of 198 male children between 6 and 14 years old with age appropriate language skills and normal intelligence. '\
        'Univariate analysis demonstrated no significant differences in the C-AQ total and subscale scores as well as the C-EQ '\
        'between children with ASD and children with ASD + ADHD, while children with ADHD alone presented an intermediate '\
        'phenotype between ASD and TD. Furthermore, a receiver operating characteristic (ROC) analysis was applied to '\
        'discriminate among the different phenotypes. We found that the C-AQ and C-EQ were accurate at distinguishing with '\
        'satisfactory reliability between: (a) ASD vs. non- ASD (N-ASD) groups comprising both ADHD and TD children (Area Under '\
        'the Curve AUC 88% for C-AQ and 81% for C-EQ); (b) ASD and TD (AUC 92% for C-AQ and 95% for C-EQ); (c) ASD and ADHD (AUC '\
        '80% for C-AQ and 68% for C-EQ). Our data confirm the reliability of the C-AQ and C-EQ as behavioral markers to '\
        'differentiate ASD (regardless of comorbid ADHD) from an ADHD condition and TD. Interestingly, in our sample an ADHD '\
        'condition does not increase the severity of the clinical phenotype in terms of autism traits distribution and empathy, '\
        'suggesting that the psychological measures detected by the two quantitative instruments are independent of ADHD traits. '\
        'This evidence will contribute to the translational efforts in developing better tailored treatments and preventive '\
        'strategies.',\
        '2021-0',\
        0.3627962),\
    (   'Val158Met polymorphisms of COMT gene and serum concentrations of catecholaminergic neurotransmitters of ADHD in Chinese '\
        'children and adolescents.',\
        'This study analyzed the Val158Met polymorphisms of the catechol-O-methyltransferase (COMT) gene and serum '\
        'concentrations of catecholaminergic neurotransmitters in attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) children and '\
        'adolescents.All the subjects (180 paired ADHD and non-ADHD children and adolescents) were genotyped for the Val158Met '\
        'polymorphisms of the COMT gene, and determined by the difference of dopamine and noradrenalin from a 1:1 paired '\
        'case-control study.The frequencies of methionine (A)/A, valine (G)/A, and G/G were 51.67%, 41.11%, and 7.22% in the '\
        'case group, and 62.22%, 31.11%, and 6.67% in the control group. There was a significant difference in the distribution '\
        'of all genotypes of the COMT gene between the 2 groups (odds ratio=1.85, 95% confidence interval: 1.62-2.08; 2=7.80, '\
        'P<.05). The serum concentrations of dopamine and noradrenalin were 1.420.34ng/mL and 177.7037.92pg/mL in the case '\
        'group, and 1.940.42ng/mL and 206.2042.45pg/mL in the control group. There were the significant differences in the '\
        'levels of dopamine and noradrenalin between the 2 groups (dopamine: t=4.30, P<.01; noradrenalin: t=2.24, P<.05).Our '\
        'study suggested that the Val158Met polymorphisms of the COMT gene and serum concentrations of catecholaminergic '\
        'neurotransmitters were associated with ADHD children and adolescents.',\
        '2021-12',\
        0.351804)]\
===========================================================             \
#9 Idx AnxietyProximity: SELECT title,abstract,pub_date,ts_rank_cd(vector, query) AS rank             FROM articles,                 to_tsquery( 'anxiety <-> in <-> women' ) AS query             WHERE vector @@ query             ORDER BY rank DESC             LIMIT 3;\
\
+++ Query #9 processing time:             0.00264 seconds \
 or             2.635 ms [SQL] +++\
+++ Retrieved results for query #9: 3 +++\
[   (   'Anxiety in women referred for colposcopy: a prospective observational study.',\
        'To evaluate the occurrence of anxiety in women attending a colposcopic examination within the new cervical cancer '\
        'screening in Germany. One hundred and fifty-six patients were asked to fill out Spielbergers STAI inventory form prior '\
        'to their colposcopic examination. For the statistical analysis, a two by two between-group design was applied including '\
        'the following group factors: the repeat factors included patients, who presented to our centre of dysplasia for the '\
        'first time (new) and patients who have had an examination in our centre before (repeat). Further, the factor diagnosis '\
        'included two groups: first, patients with cervical dysplasia and second, patients with vulva diseases. The analysis of '\
        'the STAI results showed that patients presenting with cervical dysplasia for the first time had the highest levels of '\
        'anxiety, directly followed by new patients in the vulva group. The ANOVA revealed a main effect of the repeat factor, '\
        'F(1,140)=7.53, p=0.007. There was no significant effect of diagnosis. Regardless of the diagnosis, patients being '\
        'transferred for a colposcopy within the cervical cancer screening program for the first time have very high anxiety '\
        'levels. The prospect of a potentially painful examination seems to be a key factor. Only a scientific evaluation of the '\
        'new cervical cancer screening will be able to show if the rising numbers of colposcopic examinations is really worth '\
        'the risk of exposing so many more women to the emotional distress of a colposcopy.',\
        '2021-11',\
        0.1),\
    (   'Hormonal contraceptive use moderates the association between worry and error-related brain activity.',\
        'Uncovering mechanisms that can help explain the experience and impact of anxiety in women is important for improving '\
        'etiological models and treatments to meet the needs of unique individuals. An enlarged error-related negativity (ERN) - '\
        'an electrophysiological marker of cognitive control-related error monitoring- represents one indicator of neural '\
        'processes more strongly related to anxiety in women than men. In this study, we further examined this association in '\
        'women by testing the moderating effect of hormonal contraceptive (HC) use on the relationship between worry - i.e., a '\
        'transdiagnostic cognitive dimension of anxiety - and the ERN. Results revealed that HCs moderated the worry-ERN '\
        'association. Specifically, we found a significant and large relationship between worry and enlarged ERN in women using '\
        'HCs, which was smaller and nonsignificant in naturally cycling women (i.e., those not using HCs). These findings '\
        'suggest that the interplay among HC use, error-related cognitive control, and worry represents a novel mechanism for '\
        'better characterizing the expression and impact of worry in women.',\
        '2021-11',\
        0.1),\
    (   'The effect of multimedia health education on pain and anxiety in women undergoing mammography in Taiwan.',\
        'Breast cancer is the most common cancer among women in Taiwan. However, the discomfort of receiving mammograms reduces '\
        'the willingness to screen. This study using a quasi-experimental design and recruited 150 participants in a medical '\
        'center, Taiwan. In the control group, only provided traditional health education sheets, the experimental group has '\
        'joined the intervention of multimedia health education. State-Trait Anxiety Inventory and Visual Analogue Scale, '\
        'respectively, were used to compare the differences in anxiety and pain between the two groups before and after '\
        "receiving mammography. After the intervention, the experimental group's state anxiety score was significantly lower "\
        'than that of the control group (30.638.43 vs. 33.7710.74, p<.05). However, there was no significant difference in pain '\
        'scores (4.132.37 vs. 4.572.31; p=.25). Younger, prior experience with mammography, and high trait anxiety affect pain '\
        'and state anxiety of women undergoing mammography. The multimedia health education intervention could reduce anxiety '\
        'effectively, but it does not significantly relieve the pain undergoing mammography.',\
        '2021-11',\
        0.1)]\
===========================================================             \
#10 Idx MentalHealth: SELECT title,abstract,pub_date,ts_rank_cd(vector, query) AS rank             FROM articles,                 to_tsquery( '(mental <-> health) & covid & students' ) AS query             WHERE vector @@ query             ORDER BY rank DESC             LIMIT 3;\
\
+++ Query #10 processing time:             0.00303 seconds \
 or             3.02911 ms [SQL] +++\
+++ Retrieved results for query #10: 3 +++\
[   (   'Impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on mental health of nursing students in Japan: protocol for a cross-sectional study.',\
        'The COVID-19 pandemic is spreading globally with a high risk of mortality. It is also significantly affecting mental '\
        'health. For nursing students, the impact of COVID-19 on mental health is predicted to be significant; however, '\
        'sufficient data have not been obtained. Therefore, this study will aim to assess the mental health of nursing students '\
        'and evaluate the related factors. This proposed study is a cross-sectional survey using a self-report questionnaire. An '\
        'online questionnaire will be distributed among all nursing students of eight universities in Japan. The survey '\
        'questionnaire will consist of questions related to demography, life satisfaction, fear of COVID-19, mental health and '\
        'physical activities. The target sample size is 1300 nursing students. We will calculate descriptive statistics for each '\
        'measurement item and perform univariate and logistic regression analyses to evaluate the potential risk factors for '\
        'anxiety, depression and insomnia symptoms in nursing students. The strength of association will be assessed using the '\
        'OR and its 95% CIs. Statistical significance will be set at a p<0.05. The protocol was approved by the Institutional '\
        'Review Board (IRB) of the University of Hyogo on 22 March 2021 (ID: 2020F29). In addition, all of the participating '\
        'facilities required ethical approval from their local IRBs. The findings will be disseminated through peer-reviewed '\
        'publications and conference presentations. We believe that the proposed large-scale investigation of the mental health '\
        'of nursing students during the COVID-19 pandemic and the relationship between mental health and fear of COVID-19 are '\
        'novel and will be a strength of this study.',\
        '2021-12',\
        0.1168263),\
    (   'US college student mental health and COVID-19: Comparing pre-pandemic and pandemic timepoints.',\
        'To assess mental health in US undergraduates during COVID-19; to identify key pandemic-related stressors, perceived '\
        'control, and coping and their associations with mental health. Data collected from a sample of undergraduates in April '\
        '2020 ( Online measures of depression, anxiety, and stress symptoms and perceived control and coping (both samples); '\
        'pandemic-related stressors and perceived benefits (April 2020). Depression and stress symptoms were higher in April '\
        '2020 than in 2017. Most students reported perceiving at least some pandemic-related benefits. Top-rated stressors '\
        'involved missing seeing friends and school-related stressors. Perceived control and approach coping were lower during '\
        'the pandemic but related to better mental health; avoidant coping was higher during the pandemic and related to poorer '\
        'mental health. Findings can inform campuses regarding how to improve student mental health during COVID and beyond.',\
        '2021-11',\
        0.1015625),\
    (   'A longitudinal investigation of COVID-19 pandemic experiences and mental health among university students.',\
        'Previous studies have established a link between the COVID-19 pandemic and poor mental health. They further suggest '\
        'that young adults may be especially vulnerable to worsened mental health during the pandemic, but few studies have '\
        'investigated which specific aspects of the COVID-19 experience affect psychological well-being over time. To better '\
        'understand concrete predictors of poor mental health outcomes in this population, we identified several '\
        'pandemic-related experiences and evaluated their effects on mental health symptoms (depression, anxiety, stress, '\
        'alcohol, and substance use) in a sample of U.S. college students (N=176). Both mental health symptoms and '\
        'pandemic-related experiences were evaluated at the start of quarantine (March/April 2020, Time 1) and the end of the '\
        'Spring 2020 semester (May 2020, Time 2). Given the limited literature on specific predictors of mental health during a '\
        'pandemic, we used elastic net regression, a novel analytic method that helps with variable selection when theoretical '\
        'background is limited, to narrow our field of possible predictors. While mental health symptoms were elevated at both '\
        'timepoints, there were no clinically significant changes from Time 1 to Time 2 and few differences between '\
        'sociodemographic groups. Both disruption due to the pandemic (=.25, p=.021) and limited confidence in the federal '\
        "government's response (=-.14, p=.038) were significant predictors of depression symptoms at the end of the semester, "\
        'even when controlling for baseline depression. Further, predictions that the pandemic would continue to impact daily '\
        'life further into the future were linked with pandemic stress response symptoms (=.15, p=.032) at Time 2, beyond the '\
        'effects of baseline symptoms. Alcohol (=-.22, p=.024) and substance use (=-.26, p=.01) were associated with reduced '\
        'adherence to COVID-19 guidelines. Our findings indicate that specific aspects of the pandemic experience may be '\
        'influencing internalizing symptoms and alcohol/substance use in college students, pointing to potential avenues for '\
        'targeted support and intervention. A range of factors may influence university student mental health during the '\
        'COVID-19 pandemic. Students who expect the pandemic will continue to impact daily life further into the future maybe '\
        'more likely to report stress symptoms. Disruption due to the pandemic and limited confidence in the federal '\
        "government's response may be associated with depression symptoms. Alcohol and substance use are associated with lower "\
        'COVID-19 guideline adherence in university students.',\
        '2021-11',\
        0.0903728)]\
\
\
+++ Processing time for all 6 (index) queries (#5-#10):         11.516486167907715 seconds \
 or         11516.486167907715 ms [SQL] +++}